7.1.0 Release (#252)
Shopify/record_store: README.md

The `tenancy` and `region` are in the `Profile` menu. The `tenancy` starts with `ocid1.tenancy.oc1..`.

### Cloudflare

Record_store and the Cloudflare provider do not have any concept of a zone id or account. The provider expects that the API key provided only has access to one zone in Cloudflare that matches each zone it manages records for.

> `ALIAS` records in zone files are supportedand created in Cloudflare as [per-record flattened](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/cname-flattening/set-up-cname-flattening/#per-record) CNAME records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ALIAS` records in zone files are supported and created in Cloudflare as [per-record flattened](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/cname-flattening/set-up-cname-flattening/#per-record) CNAME records.
```
